I'll be your Project Manager for today, for this project. My name is Mark
My name is Dirk, Dirk Meinfeld. I will be Pr Project the Marketing Expert.
User Interface Designer.
My name is Xavier Juergens,. I'm the Industrial Designer,
We need design a remote control for television set,. which has to be original, trendy and user-friendly. So apparently we need to be very at very open to what's currently hot in the market. Anyway, we'll take this project in three steps, three pha three phase of design. First step will be the functional design. so to help with these, you have we have the SMARTboards here. I'm supposed to give you an introduction on this doodling board,. just stuff that you wanna share, just put it in the in the project folder,. I'll put the the minutes of every meeting, I'll put them there too,. gonna give the electronic white-board a shot. So, draw us your favourite animal. It's supposed to be a dolphin,
I like the elephant.
The animal I'd like to draw is a tiger.
I introduce to the world the amazing ant. What are What are your first ideas for the new product? The project I got was just for a TV remote control.
I was thinking about design remote control, with our motto and all. No rational changes or whatever, 'cause it revolutionary changes,
So very intuitive design, I guess.
Do we want people who are disabled in any way to, yeah, to be able to use it as well?
But I think it's a little take it into consideration.
Is the the material it is made of, it should be something light.
Selling price, twenty five Euros. The production price, twelve and a half Euros, approximately. We'll reach the reach that profit.